Add new method of loading the extension in README.md (#7552)
ScratchAddons/ScratchAddons: README.md

Go to `about:debugging`, select "This Firefox", click "Load Temporary Add-on...", and select the `manifest.json` file in the `ScratchAddons` folder.

> Alternatively, install `web-ext` with `sudo npm install --global web-ext` in your terminal and in the `ScratchAddons` folder, run `web-ext run` to automatically load the temporary addon in a new, isolated Firefox window. This method is useful in development as it automatically updates the addon in the background. You still need to refresh the web page for Scratch Addon have your latest changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, install `web-ext` with `npm install --global web-ext` as administrator from the terminal and in the `ScratchAddons` folder, run `web-ext run` to automatically load the temporary extension in a new, isolated Firefox window. This method is useful in development as it automatically updates the extension in the background. The tab will still need to be refreshed for addon changes to take effect.
```

> Alternatively, install `web-ext` with `npm install --global web-ext` as administrator from the terminal and in the `ScratchAddons` folder, run `web-ext run` to automatically load the temporary extension in a new, isolated Firefox window. This method automatically updates the extension in the background. Because the browser is isolated, no other extensions will appear and Scratch Addons will be in its default state. The tab may still need to be refreshed for extension changes to take effect.

Reviewer 2: What does "The tab may still need to be refreshed for extension changes to take effect" mean? Is that about extension pages?

Reviewer: The Scratch tabs where addons are running.

Author: Let me clarify with my new commit.

> Alternatively, install `web-ext` with `npm install --global web-ext` as administrator from the terminal and in the `ScratchAddons` folder, run `web-ext run` to automatically load the temporary extension in a new, isolated Firefox window. This method is useful in development as it automatically updates the extension in the background. Because the browser is isolated, no other extensions will appear and Scratch Addons will be in its default state. The tab may still need to be refreshed for extension changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, install `web-ext` with `npm install --global web-ext` as administrator from the terminal and in the `ScratchAddons` folder, run `web-ext run` to automatically load the temporary extension in a new, isolated Firefox window. This method automatically updates the extension in the background. Because the browser is isolated, no other extensions will appear and Scratch Addons will be in its default state. The tab may still need to be refreshed for extension changes to take effect.
```
